# Immigration and border control

- Illegal immigration will become illegal again and will not be allowed.
- Many political candidates oppose amnesty even as they support a "path to citizenship" for illegal aliens. Or, they'd convert illegal aliens into guest workers nearly overnight. Or, they claim to oppose amnesty and then they use the [deportations false choice](http://24ahead.com/s/deportations-false-choice) and with that they reveal they wouldn't seek to deport many illegal aliens or cause them to return home. This political party's platform in unequivocal: almost every illegal alien will not be legalized. They will not be put on the "path to citizenship", nor will they be converted into guest workers, nor will they ["touchback"](http://24ahead.com/blog/archives/006652.html) one day and be allowed to come back legally the next. A very tiny number of illegal aliens will be legalized, but only on an individual basis and after specific action of Congress. Almost every other illegal alien will be encouraged to return home through [attrition](http://24ahead.com/s/attrition). By returning home, they'll raise wages for struggling American workers and they'll put pressure on their own countries to reform (such as by raising tax rates). That will also spell a major defeat for U.S. elites, U.S. racial demagogues, and crooked U.S. employers. Note that no other political party or politician has as unambiguous a statement.
- The attrition plan and the other proposals on this page will be conducted without rancor towards illegal aliens or legal immigrants. Rather, the goal will be to better the situation both in the U.S. and in sending countries.
- Future legal immigration will be reduced to around one quarter of current levels. The millions of potential legal immigrants currently waiting in the queue will be processed as quickly as possible, but limited numbers will be accepted after that point.
- Skilled immigration will take a higher precedence over chain migration, but any skilled immigration will take into consideration the negative impacts (braindrain, etc.) on the sending countries.
- "Stapling a greem card" to the diplomas of foreign citizens who graduate from U.S. colleges will be opposed. Instead, the long-term benefits of those graduates returning to their home countries will be stressed.
- "DREAMers" - those brought into the U.S. as children and teenagers by their parents - will be encouraged to return home and help their own countries. Relatively small stipends may be given to some in order to ease their transition back into their own countries.
- Current guest worker programs (H1B, etc.) will be eliminated.
- Dual citizenship - leading in many cases to divided loyalties - will be discouraged and will not be recognized.
- Border fencing will be installed in places where it makes sense.
- The main way to curtail future illegal immigration is to remove the various incentives that make it easier to remain in the U.S. illegally. Programs that give drivers licenses, discounted educations, etc. to illegal aliens will be eliminated.
- Larger companies and industries suspected of employing illegal aliens will be investigated using undercover operations or through reviewing their records and will be criminally prosecuted whenever possible.
- Illegal alien children will be able to obtain K-12 educations, but the goal will be to encourage their parents to return home with them.
- U.S. citizen children of illegal aliens will have the same rights as other U.S. citizens and won't be denaturalized.
- A constitional amendment tightening birthright citizenship rules to those who have at least one U.S. citizen parent would be a long-term goal, but achieving that wouldn't be counted on.
- Attempts to [make Americans assimilate to immigrants](http://24ahead.com/blog/archives/007811.html) rather than the other way around will be strongly opposed.
- Illegal aliens will be able to access emergency services, but the medium-term goal would be to reduce all other services they can receive where feasible. Preventing them from driving on public roads wouldn't be feasible, but not giving them drivers licenses is.
- Attempts by foreign governments to undercut U.S. immigration laws - such as by handing out their national IDs inside the U.S., forming alliances with non-profit groups, and the like - will be strongly opposed and forbidden wherever possible.

Needless to say, if this program were attempted now it would meet with nearly insurmountable opposition. However, the other points of this platform will make it much easier to achieve these objectives.
